Powercat
Powercat is essentially the
PowerShell version of Netcat.
It’s a script we can download
to a Windows host
which simplifies the creation of
bind and reverse shells.
After lauching PowerShell, we use a
feature known as Dot-sourcing
to load the powercat.ps1 script into
our current PowerShell session.
It’s worth noting that scripts
loaded in this way
will only be available in the
current PowerShell instance
and will need to be reloaded
each time we restart PowerShell.
Now that our script is loaded,
we can execute powercat as follows:
We can view the help menu by
passing the -h option to Powercat.
Powercat seems to be operating correctly
so let’s find out what we can do with it.